This is a simple exercise to look at your understanding of HTML, CSS, and Javascript.
Included in this exercise is a data set, in JSON, for you to work with (ephemeris.json)

An "Ephemeris" is a position of a body with respect to the Sun, or a set of points in an orbit.
This data was culled from NASA's Horizon Website (http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/horizons.cgi)
Usually included in an ephemeris is the the date of measurement, the right ascension (angle to the Sun), and the distance

ABOUT THE DATA:

The data contained within "ephemeris.json" is an array of JSON objects. 
Each object contains data about a planet's orbit.
On each day in the data, we have the right ascension of a planet and it's distance in Astronomical Units.

There are three planets listed in the data. 
	-Mercury
	-Venus
	-Earth

Each data point is an array containing three values
	-Date
	-Right ascension 
	-Distance from the Sun in Astronomical Units.

THE GOAL:

Using the data provided, we would like to know the average distance of each planet from the Sun.
You may use any distance measurement you wish, in Kilometers, Miles, Astronomical Units, Meters...etc

We would like to display the average distances of the planets from the Sun in a bar chart.
There should be a total of three bars in the chart that would let us know how far (on average) 
each of the planets are from the Sun.

ABOUT THE EXERCISE:

Using the data set provided, create an HTML page with a simple bar chart.
It is important to show a good foundation in practical HTML, CSS, and Javascript.

The structure of the web application and the style of the code will be the main consideration.
As in all good design, clarity and simplicity of code are the most important aspects of this exercise.

Graphic design is considered but not as much as functional design. 
A simple, clean, and easy to read graph is much more important than drop shadows, gradients, textures and fancy animations.
The graph must contain labels describing the field's presented.

You must load the sample data provided using AJAX and render it using any combination of HTML, CSS, and Javascript.
The rendering must be a bar chart (either horizontal or vertical).
You may style the chart any way you wish. 

The use of JQuery for any of part of this project is acceptable, 
but please do not use external libraries (outside of jquery) to complete this task. 
Again this task is set up to assess core competency using HTML, CSS, and Javascipt.
So, external libraries defeats the purpose of the exercise. 

All created files and documents should be contained under the same folder. 
The initialization document should be labeled "index.html"
By running "index.html" the web application should load as expected.

This means that the entire web application should be self contained within a single folder.
